1. install visual studio code
2. install live server inside visual studio code --> purpose para if naay changes sa code kay no need na e refresh ang browser
3. goto cdnjs.com and search lightning design-system and copy link tag then paste into html "head"
4. https://lightningdesignsystem.com/
5. download salesforce CLI - go to google.com
6. goto terminal and to ensure that CLI is succefully installed just type "sfdx"
7. and type also in terminal "sfdx plugins --core"
8. goto extension and install "salesforce extension pack"
9. login.salesforce.com
10. To create salesforce project go to "view" and click "command pallete" and type "sfdx" and click "create project with manifest" and click "standard"
    or maybe just run this on your terminal "sfdx force:project:create -n "project name""   --- "-n stand for new"
11. to authorize DEV HUB - sfdx force:auth:web:login -a salesforcetroop -d   --- "-a stand for allias" and "-d stand for default"
12.  LEARNINGS --- DEV HUB - its the main salesforce org that you will use to create and manage your scratch orgs.
                   SCRATCH ORG - its a source-driven and disposable deployment of salesforce code and metadata. Scratch Orgs are driven by source, 				 Sandboxes are copies of production (Note-Scratch orgs do not replace sandboxes)
13. To create SCRATCH ORG - command terminal - sfdx force:org:create -a lwcScratchOrgOne -d 30 -f config/project-scratch-def.json -s
                    OR goto command pallete and type "create scratch org" maybe its will ask the config and just locate to "config/project-scratch-		    def.json"
14. To create components -- goto command pallete and type "create lightning web component"
15. To open - "sfdx force:org:open"
16. To push/deploy file  into salesforce site - "sfdx force:source:push" (in terminal command)
17. goto google = "salesforce component library" (lightning library by salesforce - for HTML codes)
18. goto google = "salesforce lightning design system" (lightning library by salesforce - for CSS codes)